Notify cluster upgrade (#44)
packit/status: content/issues/2022-10-13-cluster-upgrade.md

---
title: "System upgrade scheduled"
date: 2022-10-13T19:00:00+00:00
resolved: false
resolvedWhen: 
section: issue
severity: notice
---

> A system upgrade is scheduled for Wed Oct 13 19:00 UTC.

Reviewer: Let's be a little bit more concrete :slightly_smiling_face: 

```suggestion
A system upgrade is scheduled to start on Wed Oct 13 19:00 UTC and last approximately 90 minutes. During this time Packit might become briefly unavailable.
```

> A system upgrade is scheduled for Wed Oct 13 19:00 UTC.

Reviewer 2: We can be more specific about what can be expected. What about something like this:
```suggestion
A system upgrade is scheduled for Wed Oct 13 19:00 UTC.
We do not expect any significant disruption.
The started jobs might be executed with a delay
and if you think Packit does not react to your events,
try to retrigger the action via
[comment command](https://packit.dev/docs/guide/#how-to-re-trigger-packit-actions-in-your-pull-request).
```
